fix(doc): page graphiql explorer: add backlink to refresh content (#26540)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/running-queries-with-graphiql.md

Read more [about the GraphiQL Explorer](/blog/2019-06-03-integrating-graphiql-explorer/) on the Gatsby blog.

## Enable Refresh Content Button

> You can enable with the environment variable `ENABLE_GATSBY_REFRESH_ENDPOINT` a button "Refresh Data" to refresh your sourced content. See [Refreshing Content](/docs/refreshing-content/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variable `ENABLE_GATSBY_REFRESH_ENDPOINT` enables a "Refresh Data" button which enables you to refresh the sourced content. See [Refreshing Content](/docs/refreshing-content/).
```

> The environment variable `ENABLE_GATSBY_REFRESH_ENDPOINT` enables a "Refresh Data" button which enables you to refresh the sourced content. See [Refreshing Content](/docs/refreshing-content/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variable `ENABLE_GATSBY_REFRESH_ENDPOINT` enables a "Refresh Data" button which allows you to refresh the sourced content. See [Refreshing Content](/docs/refreshing-content/).
```
